publicAlert {

count = 0;

Print{

CR 385 2022 0000163
DC-22-058



To all those who would protect an infant if given the chance,

On 2/16/2022 a witness made a 911 call reporting a domestic violence dispute involving a firearm.

In an effort to prevent harm coming to a child the witness went to the scene with no firearms.

The suspect immediately put down the firearm on a table by the bathroom, once the witness was noticed.

All three, baby, woman, and suspect came to the open door.

Police arrived promptly, and did their jobs professionally along with dispatch.

It is because of undeserved mercy from the Lord, that no one was injured, neither witness,...
nor baby, nor mother, nor suspect, nor law enforcement officers.

The suspect (01sen) was given an opportunity to show mercy, and he did.

He could have easily killed witness, mother, and baby, but decided to show mercy and turn himself in.

Now we have to ensure the child is with its mother, or a loving family member as CPS and the local...
County Prosecutors do not have a strong enough track record to be trusted.

The Kalispell Judicial system is gatekept by a bureaucracy of apathy ...
(excepting the front desk worker at County Prosecutors Office).

Chief priority: 1: baby safe with mother or loving family member (not abusive Foster Home)
		2: ensure small cash donations arrive to Attorney Lane Benetts Office in order...
		to ensure mother and baby have enough to eat if under financial pressure.


It is very difficult to censure or discipline a sitting Justice of the Peace.

Friends on the Montana State Bar ensure that some Judges remain above the law.

Natural Law dictates that all have the duty to protect the young, because they are unable to fight for themselves.

The law dictates that a sitting Judge has the duty to protect witnesses and victims.

In order to prove that an impartial Judge's action was negligent or crossed the lines of respect for the law,...
you have to prove that the Judge did have a duty to protect, there was a breach, and some sort of damages followed.

It might also be useful to establish if Judge Hume1 possessed some sort of bias, resulting in an apathy...
in the performance of his duties. i.e. (displaying annoyance (verbally) at the thought of even hearing a child crying).

Remember the priority list order.

Supporting documents and files are available at the gitHub repository of user ripley777

github.com/ripley777

-ripley

}

 count = count + 1;


 publicAlert();

}
